This is a new [**React Native**](https://reactnative.dev) project, bootstrapped using [`@react-native-community/cli`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli).

# Getting Started

> **Note**: Make sure you have completed the [React Native - Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) instructions till "Creating a new application" step, before proceeding.

## Step 1: Start the Metro Server

First, you will need to start **Metro**, the JavaScript _bundler_ that ships _with_ React Native.

To start Metro, run the following command from the _root_ of your React Native project:

```bash
# using npm
npx react-native start

# OR using Yarn
yarn start
```

## Step 2: Start your Application

Let Metro Bundler run in its _own_ terminal. Open a _new_ terminal from the _root_ of your React Native project. Run the following command to start your _Android_ or _iOS_ app:

### For Android

```bash
# using npm
npx react-native run-android

# OR using Yarn
yarn android
```

### For iOS

```bash
# using npm
npx react-native run-ios

# OR using Yarn
yarn ios
```

If everything is set up _correctly_, you should see your new app running in your _Android Emulator_ or _iOS Simulator_ shortly provided you have set up your emulator/simulator correctly.

This is one way to run your app — you can also run it directly from within Android Studio and Xcode respectively.

## Step 3: Modifying your App

Now that you have successfully run the app, let's GO !

## This is for the following structure of the Project

Firstly, the structure is as follows:

# Project Structure

Your project structure might look like this:

```
my-app/
├── src/ # Source code
│ ├── components/ # Reusable components
│ │ ├── DetailsComponent.tsx
│ │ ├── HomeComponent.tsx
│ │ └── ProductsComponents.tsx
│ │ ├── Reusable/ # Reusable components
│ │ └── ProductCard.tsx
│ ├── constants/ # Constants like typography styles, colors
│ │ ├── commonFunctions.ts
│ │ ├── TextInputField.tsx
│ │ └── Typography.tsx
│ ├── navigators/ # Navigation setup files
├ ├ ├── InsideNavigator.tsx
│ │ └── AppNavigator.tsx
│ ├── redux/ # Redux store, slices, and actions
│ │ ├── store.js
│ │ ├── slices/
│ │ │ ├── productsSlice.ts
│ │ │ ├── counterSlice.ts
│ │ │ └── revenueSlice.ts
│ ├── screens/ # Different screens of the app
│ │ ├── HomeScreen.tsx
│ │ ├── DetailScreen.tsx
│ │ └── LoginScreen.tsx
│ ├── styles/
│ │ └── colors.js
│ ├── utils/
│ │ ├── orderUtils.ts
│ └── App.tsx # Entry point for the app
├── .gitignore # Git ignore file
├── app.json # Expo or React Native config
├── babel.config.js # Babel configuration
├── package.json # Project dependencies and scripts
├── README.md # Project documentation
├── FirebaseConfig.ts # Firebase Configuration
└── node_modules/ # Node modules (auto-generated by npm/yarn)
```

# The Firebase Setup is as follows:

```

const firebaseConfig = {
  apiKey: 'AIzaSyDM6O_9u5NmoFoaZYnEU0k72Xzb_i029_M',
  authDomain: 'pentavaluetask-d4af7.firebaseapp.com',
  projectId: 'pentavaluetask-d4af7',
  storageBucket: 'pentavaluetask-d4af7.firebasestorage.app',
  messagingSenderId: '307756883365',
  appId: '1:307756883365:web:bce9ec1e665e7d2e7edc4c',
};

export const FIREBASE_APP = initializeApp(firebaseConfig);
export const FIREBASE_AUTH = getAuth(FIREBASE_APP);
export const FIREBASE_DB = getFirestore(FIREBASE_APP);

```

Each component added inside the Component directory is being called in its own screen except the Login because it has a different stack and different implementation.

# Firebase Setup Explanation

As shown in the snippet code above, it shows all the credentials needed to integrate the Firebase and Firestore to the react native project.

The code represents a graph and scale of the number of orders a single user can make and how to reflects in real time analytics for the user to know how much was the last order that was done in the last hour and also displaying the total revenue of all the orders done.

By using the library `react-native-gifted-charts` it displays the coordinates of the orders and their range depending on two coordinates which are timestamp and the amount paid

Accordingly the user can understand how much he paid the last order and what are the most ordered products from his end.

And that also represents the real time updates on the FireStore for these values and orders as well for the admin in case of any enhancing or updates.

# Login Authentication using Firebase

There is also the authentication using the Email and Password for the user to enter and in case the user does not have an already registered account, there is the possibility to create a new account.

And once the account is created, it will be registered inside the Firebase unless deleted from the admin / developer side.

In case the user enters the email in a wrong format, he will be notified from the app that the email was not properly added.

and also there is the DetailsScreen, there is the Sign Out button that can make the user sign out of the app to return back to the login screen, however that does not mean that he will be removed from the Firebase.
